# INFO 151 Assignment 1 (5 points)

## A. Team (0.5 points)

For this assignment and future ones, you will need to form a team of 2 students. 
A 3-student team will require instructor approval. 

## B. Setup (0.5 point)

Make sure you finish the software setup so you can edit (e.g. with VS Code) and publish your web pages at, for example: 

https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~YourDrexelID/test.html

## C. Tasks

Each team will form an Organization (humor is appreciated) and create a web site for their organization. An example might be *Drexel One Furniture*, a website that enables the user to find furniture donated by Drexel Students. 

For this assignment, please create a beginning web page for your team’s company. 

### C.1 HTML Page Organization and Tags (1 point)

Please include:

+ All required HTML tags such as html, head, title, meta, body, etc. 
+ Sections for different parts of your page, e.g. h1, h2, ... heading levels. 
+ Tags for proper presentation of company information, e.g. p tags for descriptions. 

### C.2 Required Information (1 point)

The web page should contain information about the following: 

1. The company logo and slogan. 
1. A list of the company’s team members, their roles, and contact (that's YOU).  
2. Descriptions of company products and services.  

Again, use proper tags such as img, ul/ol, li, p... for best presentation. 

### C.3 Academic Honesty Statement (1 point)

Please include the following academic statement with your full names and dates at the end of the HTML page: 

```
I certify that:

•   My work will be entirely my own work.
•   I will not quote the words of any other person from a printed source or a website without indicating what has been quoted and providing an appropriate citation.
•   I will not submit my work in this course to satisfy the requirements of any other course.


Full Names      __________________________________________
Date            __________________________________________
```

Again, use proper tags for a good presentation of the above statement. 

### C.4 HTML Page Validation (1 point)

The page should pass HTML validation **without error** (warnings are okay): 
https://validator.w3.org/

Please include a link to validate your page -- by clicking the link, you should be able to **see validation results automatically**. 

## Submission

Please submit **your company page URL** to blackboard for A1. 

The URL can be on one of your team members' account, such as: 
https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~abc123/index.html


