# INFO 151 Assignment 2 (10 points)

## A. Team

For this assignment, you can either work solo or pair up with another student.

## B. Tasks

As a team, please design and create a website that consists of:
- At least 4 HTML pages, including an index page, about products or services, about the team, and a
contact page.
- 1 CSS linked to from all pages.

You can create a new sub-folder (directory) such as a2 to host all the files.

### B.1 General Page Requirements (1 point)

Each page should include at least the following divisions:

- Header division with company logo and slogan;
- Navigation division with links to all other pages;
- Content division where the main content of the page goes;
- Footer division with copyright information, etc.

### B.2 CSS File (4 point)
In the CSS file, you should include rules for the following:

- Page layout that controls the positions, e.g. using absolute positioning or float.
- General styles of each division, e.g. properties of the box model and text/font styles.
- CSS rules for other specific elements of individual pages, including the contact form and input fields (more below).
- You should use different selectors including TYPE, ID, CLASS, and combinations of them in the CSS.

Overall, create at least 10 selectors and 30 rules (property:value pairs) in your CSS.

### B.3 Specific HTML Requirements (3 points)

#### B.3.1 Content of Each Page (0.5)

You should provide sufficient content in each page to make it real.

#### B.3.2 About Products or Services (0.5)

Please include at least 3 products or services you offer, and include images and descriptions about them.

#### B.3.3 About Team Page (1 point)

Please shoot a team video (e.g. 1 minute or so using zoom), include it on the about team page, and use proper CSS to size and style it.

List your team member names and roles in the company.

#### B.3.4 Contact Page (1 point)

Please create a contact us form, which should include the following input/fields:

1. Name input field
1. Email input field
1. Message input field (textarea)
1. Send button

For now, this is only the user interface for contact us that does nothing (yet). Again, use proper CSS for the form components.

## C. HTML and CSS Validation (2 points)

All pages should pass HTML validation without error (warnings are okay): https://validator.w3.org/

In addition, the CSS file should also pass CSS validation without error: https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/

Note that CSS validation code is also placed in each HTML page and you should click on it to validate CSS as well.

## Submission

Please submit your company entry page URL (i.e. index.html which links to other pages) to blackboard for A2.

The URL can be on one of your team members' accounts, such as: https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~abc123/a2/index.html

