# INFO 151 Assignment 3 (8 points)

# A. Team

Please complete the assignment in a team of 2 - 3 students. 

# B. Tasks

As a team, you can split the following tasks and put together your work in the end. 

## B.1 Contact Form (1 point)

Please create a *contact us* form (or reuse the contact form from A2), which should include the following input/fields: 

1. Name input field
2. Email input field
3. Message input field (textarea)
4. Send button. 

Note that you may place the `button` tag **outside** the `form` (after `</form>`) to avoid automatic form submission and page refresh. 

For each input field, please include an empty `span` next to it (to show error message later), for example: 
```html
<input id='email' name='email'><span></span>
```

Use proper CSS to align and beautify form components. 

## B.2 Data Input and Validation

Create two functions to validate user input data in the `name` and `email` fields. 

### B.2.1 Function `validateName()` (2 points)

Name value should be in one of the following formats: 

1. `FirstName LastName`
2. `FirstName Middle LastName`

Here are instructions you can follow to write code in the function: 

1. Use `document.formname.inputname.value` to get the value of an input. 
2. Assign the value to a (string) variable such as `nameVal`. 
3. Use the string variable's (object's) `split()` method to tokenize the full names into multiple parts, using **SPACE** ` ` as the separator.  
4. Assign the result of the split to another variable such as `nameParts` (array). 
5. Use the `length` property of `nameParts` to determine how many parts are in there. 
6. If there are 2 or 3 elements in the array, it passes the validation and you should show empty (`""`) error message. 
7. Otherwise, show an validation error message next to the input box. 
8. Return `true` if all is valid, `false` if anything is invalid. 

Here is an example to add an error message next to an input with id `myid`: 

```javascript
 document.getElementById("myid").nextSibling.innerHTML = "Please enter the data in this format ..."; 
```

### B.2.2 Function `validateEmail()` (2 points)

Likewise, create another function to validate the email input, which should be in the following format: 

```
account@domain.whatever
```

Please follow a similar process as in the name field validation to validate the email: 

1. Split the email input value using `@` as the separator. 
2. Determine if the split returns a 2-element array; it is invalid if otherwise. 
3. Further check on the second part of the split, with another split using the DOT `.` as separator. 
4. The email is valid if the second split has 2 or more parts. 
5. Anytime, the email is determined invalid, show an error message next to the email input. 
6. Return `true` if all is valid, `false` if anything is invalid. 

### B.2.2 Input `onfocusout` Event (1 point)

Register each of the above functions as event handler for the `onfocusout` event of the corresponding input box, for example: 

```html
<input id="name" name="name" onfocusout="validateName();">
```

Test and debug your code. In the end, whatever you move the cursor/focus out of an input box, it should validate that input value. 

## B.3 Send Data (2 points)

Create another function `sendData()` to do the following: 

1. Assign each input/textarea data to an individual variable. 
2. Do nothing if either name/email is invalid or the `message` textarea has no user input.
3. If all is valid, combine the value for an `mailto:` URL string. 

For example: 

```javascript
var url = "mailto:" + emailVal + "?subject=Message from" + nameVal + "&body=" + messageVal; 
```

4. Redirect your page to the above url so your default email client will compose an email accordingly. 

```javascript
window.location.href = url; 
```

Register `sendData()` as the handler for the button's `onclick` event. 

Test it -- when you click the button, it should popup an email composer prefilled with recipient email, subject, and content. 

# Submission

Please submit the URL to the above page (which includes the Javascript) to blackboard for A3. 

The URL can be on one of your team members' accounts, such as: 
https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~abc123/a2/index.html


