# INFO 151 Assignment 5 (12 Points)

# A. Team

For this assignment and future ones, you are **required** to have a team of 2 - 3 students. 

# B. Tasks

As a team, please design and create an interactive web system that consists of: 

* 1 HTML page with a survey form
* 1 Javascript file for form data validation
* 2 PHP Pages: 
  1. One PHP page to process and store survey submission data
  2. Another PHP page to retrieve and display all submitted data
* 1 CSS file to beautify the above pages, i.e. 1 HTML and 2 PHP pages

## B.1. HTML Page with Survey Form (1 Point)

Design a survey with 3+ questions, with at least: 

+ 1 text input question
+ 1 multiple choice question, e.g. drop-down list or radio buttons
+ 1 multiple answers, e.g. check boxes

Here is an example form in HTML: 

```html
<form name="survey" action="save.php" method="post">
    Program of Study: <input id="program" name="program"><br>
    Program Length: <select id="plength" name="plength">
                        <option value="4">Four Years</option>
                        <option value="5">Five Years</option>
                    </select><br>
    Favorite Subjects: <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav1">Statistics <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav2">Programming <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav3">Web Deisgn <br>
    <button type="button">Validate and Submit</button>
</form>
```

The form may look like this: 

<form name="survey" action="save.php" method="post">
    Program of Study: <input id="program" name="program"><br>
    Program Length: <select id="plength" name="plength">
                        <option value="4">Four Years</option>
                        <option value="5">Five Years</option>
                    </select><br>
    Favorite Subjects: <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav1">Statistics <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav2">Programming <br>
        <input type="checkbox" name="fav3">Web Deisgn <br>
    <button type="button">Validate and Submit</button>
</form>

## B.2. Javascript Validation (2 Points)

Create a Javascript file and link to it from the HTML page: 

1. Create a `function` in Javascript to conduct form **data validation**; 
2. And register the function for the button's `onclick` event. 

Here are requirements on the data valiation function: 

+ The text input field should **NOT be empty**. 
+ **One choice** (drop-down or radio) should have been selected. 
+ **At least one checkbox** should have been checked (selected).
+ If there is any validation error, show a message to the user (e.g. similar to A3).  
+ Submit the survey form **ONLY IF** the data pass validation. 

The code to submit the form, assuming the name of the form is `survey`: 

```javascript
document.survey.submit(); 
```

## B.3. PHP Page to Save Data (4 Points)

Create a PHP page such as `save.php`, which should do the following: 

1. Get data from the submitted form, via the `$_POST` array. 
2. Put the data together in a one-line comma-delimited format, e.g.: 

```csv
Information Systems, 4, fav1 fav3
```

3. Open text file `data/survey.txt` in the `append` mode with option `a`. 
4. Write (append) the data to the text file using `fwrite("....\n");`. 
5. Use `echo` to show a message indicating the data have been saved. 
6. Close the file. 

Note: 
* Please create a `data` subdirectory and allow `RWX` permissions for ALL (`chmod 777`). 

## B.4. PHP Page to Display Data (4 Points)

Create another PHP page such as `list.php`, which should do the following: 

1. Open the text file `survey.txt`for read only, i.e. with `r` option. 
2. Use a `while` loop to read one line of data at a time, until the end of file `foef()`. 
3. For each data line: 
   1. Use `fgets` to read the data line; 
   2. Split the string into multiple variables (see example below); 
   3. And output that as part of a HTML table row (`tr` and `td`). 

```php
list($program, $plength, $favs) = split(",", $text_line); 
echo("<tr><td>$program</td><td>$plength</td><td>$favs</td></tr>"); 
```

# B.5. CSS Styles (1 Point)

All pages should link to a CSS file, with rules for at least the following: 

1. Input fields in the HTML form. 
2. `save.php` page and feedback message. 
3. `list.php` page, table, and rows/columns. 


# Submission

Please upload all files to the tux server, including: 
1. The HTML page with the survey form. 
2. The PHP page to process the form and save data. 
3. The PHP page to list/display data. 
4. CSS and Javascript files. 
5. In addition, please also upload the provided `instructor_view.php`. 

Submit the URL to the HTML form page. 
The URL can be on one of your team members' accounts, such as: 
https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~abc123/a5/form.html

